


1|One
Tom and Jerry
There are times in my life when I am cool, calm and collected. I can manage a crisis at work, reply to emails, and feed the cat all while cooking a three course dinner complete with dessert. 

Tonight, was not one of those moments. Let me explain...

Over the past two weeks, I have heard the squeaks to, what I am sure is a nasty, smelly, mouse...a rambunctious rodent......a vulgar varmin. I immdediatey purchased at least ten of the best mouse traps designed, an entire box of sticky traps from Wal-Mart, and created several, clever, homemade devices. (I am nothing if I am not dramatically extreme.) I also went and found a cat. 

As prepared as I was, nothing prepared me for tonight. Imagine this. I was the only person home. My husband and two darling children were all at work. It was late in the evening. On nights when I am the only person home I try to eat an early snack so I can wait until 9:00 to start cooking dinner. 

I was minding my own business when I suddenly saw a streak go across the back counter. I heard the familiar squeaks of my allusive friend. My heart started pumping, my palms were sweating, and adrenaline was coursing through me. Is this how thrill seekers feel? It was a very alive feeling. I stood as still as a statue in the crook of my kitchen cabinets--afraid to move and spook the unwanted houseguest. I searched with only my eyes, scanning for the little devil. Between two canisters, I spotted a pointy nose and two beady eyes. There he was. Right in front of me. 

I took a deep breath. I gave myself positive affirmations of courage and bravery. I slowing started to creep closer like a stop-motion video. Inch by inch I moved until I was as close as I could get. I wasn't prepared for this battle so I took inventory of everything at my disposal. I armed myself with an empty tea box and two boxes of Rice-a-Roni. This was it. I used the rice boxes to barracade the escape of my friend and was working out the strategy of my attack. I could corner him with the rice boxes and trap him with the other box. That sounded like my best (and pretty much only) option to rid myself of the nuissance. 

I struck fast and hard but the mouse bested me. Luckily he saw my roadblock and had to make a u-turn. Back he ran, straight to my reach. As I struck again, he turned around again. This time he had no where to go. He sat in the corner of my cabinets, assessing my every move with those beady eyes. 

The next part is where the details get fuzzy and all run together. To the best of my knowledge--this is what happened. As I was going for a third strike with the tea box, he lunged at me. Now when I say lunged, I mean he took a running start like a galloping horse. He bared his vampire like teeth and was heading straight for me. I shrieked with alarm and threw my tea box at him. I missed. I frantically looked around for something to save me. I wasn't close enough to the counter go I grabbed the only thing I could.....my cat. 

Without thinking a swooped up the cat and threw him onto the counter. Otis, that is my cat, was frightened about his new surroundings, as he was yet to be big enough to jump up to the counters by himself. Every hair on Otis's body stood straight out and up and all over. If I didn't already know better, I would have thought he was part porcupine. Otis, hissed and growl and jumped right back at me while the vile visitor made his escape. 

We lost this battle. Otis is hiding under the couch plotting his revenge on me, and the mouse is safely back in hiding. I am checking the prices of a flame thrower. 

Mouse-1 
Me -0
